Document interoperability in MigratingFromXCTest (#1734)
swiftlang/swift-testing: Sources/Testing/Testing.docc/MigratingFromXCTest.md

Reviewer: Let's include another link to `XCTAssert()` here for convenience as the previous linked reference is a couple sections above
```suggestion
The following table includes a list of the various [`XCTAssert()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/1500669-xctassert) functions and
```

Reviewer: Typo fix, the `.` needs to come after the `)`.
```suggestion
`@MainActor` attribute).
```

benefits of Swift Testing. In the meantime, you can incrementally migrate the
rest of your test infrastructure to use Swift Testing at your own pace.

```swift
class UniqueElementsTests: XCTestCase {
  func testDups() {
    // This test is expected to fail.
    assertUnique([1, 2, 1])
  }
}

@Test func `Duplicate elements`() {
  // Without interoperability the test passes despite the `XCTAssertEqual` failure in the helper.
  // With interoperability, the test fails.
  assertUnique([1, 2, 1])
}

func assertUnique(_ elements: [Int]) {
  XCTAssertEqual(Set(elements).count, elements.count)

  // With interoperability you can safely replace `XCTAssertEqual` with `#expect`.
  // The replacement is: `#expect(Set(elements).count == elements.count)`.
}
```

A *cross-library issue* is an issue created by an XCTest assertion in
a Swift Testing test case, or a Swift Testing expectation in an XCTest test
case.

In the example above, `assertUnique()` wraps
[`XCTAssertEqual()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/xctassertequal(_:_:_:file:line:)).
It creates a "cross-library issue from XCTest" when called in the `Duplicate

> elements` Swift Testing test case.

Reviewer: I think we can clarify this a little bit by making the second sentence a little more active, how about: 

```suggestion
In the example above, `assertUnique` wraps
[`XCTAssertEqual()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/xctassertequal(_:_:_:file:line:)).
So, calling `assertUnique` in the `Duplicate
elements` Swift Testing test case creates a _cross-library issue from XCTest_.
```

### Select an interoperability mode

Interoperability has multiple modes that control how Swift Testing reports
cross-library issues:

- term `none`: Interoperability is off. Swift Testing and XCTest ignore cross-library issues.
- term `limited`: Cross-library issues from Swift Testing maintain their original
  severity. Cross-library issues from XCTest are warnings and are accompanied by
  modernization hints.
- term `complete`: All cross-library issues maintain their original severity.
  Cross-library issues from XCTest are accompanied by modernization hints.
- term `strict`: Cross-library issues from Swift Testing maintain their original
  severity. Cross-library issues from XCTest are reported with
  [`fatalError()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/fatalerror(_:file:line:)).

The default interoperability mode depends on your toolchain and the
`swift-tools-version` declared in your package.

> | Toolchain Version | `swift-tools-version` | Default Interoperability Mode |

Reviewer: Let's sentence case the titles here to stay consistent with the casing of other titles:

```suggestion
| Toolchain version | `swift-tools-version` | Default interoperability mode |
```

| ----------------- | --------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| <6.4              | Any                   | `none`                        |
| >=6.4             | <6.4                  | `limited`                     |
| >=6.4             | >=6.4                 | `complete`                    |

To explicitly choose a mode, set the `SWIFT_TESTING_XCTEST_INTEROP_MODE`
environment variable to the name of the mode before running tests.

As long as you don't set the mode to `none`, cross-library issues from Swift

> Testing maintain their original severity.

Reviewer: Can we be a little more specific about the test failure message, like in the table after the cross-library issues from XCTest: 
```suggestion
In `limited`, `complete`, and `strict` interoperability modes, cross-library issues from Swift Testing maintain their original severity. So, in the following example, the test failure message is `❌ "Interop failure"`. Except when the interoperability mode is `none`, then there is no test failure message.
```

Author: Accepted the suggestion with slightly different wording.

```swift
// Cross-library issues from Swift Testing
class InteropTests: XCTestCase {
  func testInterop() {
    Issue.record("Interop failure")
  }
}
```

You should consider the `complete` mode to ensure cross-library issues from

> XCTest maintain their original severity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `complete` mode to ensure cross-library issues from
XCTest maintain their original severity.
```

```swift
// Cross-library issues from XCTest
@Test func `Test Interop`() {
  XCTFail("Interop failure")
}
```

> | Mode       | Test Failure Message                            |

Reviewer: Sentence case the titles:

```suggestion
| Interoperability mode       | Test failure message                            |
```

> | Interoperability mode       | Test failure message                            |

Reviewer: We should have a new line here between the code block and the table.

  }
}

A single source file can contain tests written with XCTest as well as other
tests written with the testing library. Import both XCTest and Testing if a
source file contains mixed test content.

### Use interoperability between Swift Testing and XCTest

Interoperability is a feature that enables XCTest's assertions to work with
Swift Testing, and Swift Testing's expectations to work with XCTest. You can use
interoperability to share common test helpers between XCTest and Swift Testing
test cases.

For example, you can replace
[`XCTAssert()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/1500669-xctassert)
with ``expect(_:_:sourceLocation:)`` in your XCTests and immediately get the
benefits of the newer, more ergonomic API. In the meantime, you can
incrementally migrate the rest of your test infrastructure to use Swift Testing
at your own pace.

```swift
// XCTest

class UniqueElementsTests: XCTestCase {
  func testDups() {
    // Fails as expected
    assertUnique([1, 2, 1])
  }
}

// Swift Testing

@Test func `Duplicate elements`() {

>   // *Without* interop: passes despite XCTAssertEqual failure in the helper

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // Without interop: passes despite XCTAssertEqual failure in the helper
```

  // With interop: fails as expected
  assertUnique([1, 2, 1])
}

func assertUnique(_ elements: [Int]) {
  XCTAssertEqual(Set(elements).count, elements.count)

>   // With interop: safely replace XCTAssertEqual with #expect

Reviewer 2: Could we insert a newline?
```suggestion

  // With interop: safely replace XCTAssertEqual with #expect
```

  // #expect(Set(elements).count == elements.count)
}
```

Interoperability has a configurable mode that controls how it reports issues

> across test library boundaries. **XCTest API used in Swift Testing tests**

Reviewer 2: I don't know that this sentence needs to be bolded, do you feel that's important?

Author: Oops, I got the order of sentences wrong here. Does the emphasis make more sense in the proper context? It's meant to contrast the different directions of interop

```markdown
For the remaining modes, **Swift Testing API behaves as expected when used in
XCTest**. This includes reporting any assertion failures as errors within an
XCTest test case. As a result, any interop mode lets you incrementally migrate
your assertions to Swift Testing.

**XCTest API used in Swift Testing tests** behaves differently based on mode:
```

Author: Actually I'm gonna simplify and clean up this section after doing the term list change

behaves differently based on mode:

- **None**: The feature is disabled.

For the remaining modes, **Swift Testing API behaves as expected when used in

> XCTest**. This includes reporting any assertion failures as errors within an

Reviewer 2: Similar here, I'm not sure why this passage should use bold text

XCTest test case. As a result, any interop mode lets you incrementally migrate
your assertions to Swift Testing.

> - **Limited**: Surfaces all test failures the library previously ignored as

Reviewer 2: I think this bulleted list might be better suited to a [DocC term list](https://www.swift.org/documentation/docc/formatting-your-documentation-content).

I think doing that would require you to remove the paragraph above "Limited" starting with _"For the remaining modes…"_ though and incorporate it into the description of each mode. That seems like it could be a net improvement to me; Ideally, it ought to be possible for each mode to be defined in isolation.

Author: Rewritten!

Reviewer 2: Thanks! I like that a lot better overall

  }
}

A single source file can contain tests written with XCTest as well as other
tests written with the testing library. Import both XCTest and Testing if a
source file contains mixed test content.

### Use interoperability between Swift Testing and XCTest

You can use interoperability to share test helpers between XCTest and Swift
Testing tests. Interoperability is a feature that enables XCTest's assertions to
work with Swift Testing, and Swift Testing's expectations to work with XCTest.

> Note: **Cross-library issue:** An issue created by an XCTest assertion in a Swift
> Testing test case, or a Swift Testing expectation in an XCTest test case.
>
> An example of a "cross-library issue from XCTest" would be calling
> [`XCTAssert()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/1500669-xctassert)

> > within a Swift Testing test.

Reviewer: Let's make this a complete sentence, so something like the following suggestion:

```suggestion
> Note: A cross-library issue is an issue created by an XCTest assertion in a Swift
> Testing test case, or a Swift Testing expectation in an XCTest test case.
>
> An example of a cross-library issue from XCTest would be calling
> [`XCTAssert()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/1500669-xctassert)
> within a Swift Testing test.
```

It's also not clear to me why this is inside a Note aside when the next example continues about this case?

Author: > It's also not clear to me why this is inside a Note aside when the next example continues about this case?

Ah, my intention was to highlight the term "cross-library issue" since that's used pretty heavily throughout this section.

For example, you can replace
[`XCTAssert()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/1500669-xctassert)
with ``expect(_:_:sourceLocation:)`` in your XCTests and immediately get the

> benefits of the newer, more ergonomic API. In the meantime, you can

Reviewer: Let's not characterize the API unnecessarily. 

```suggestion
benefits of Swift Testing. In the meantime, you can
```

incrementally migrate the rest of your test infrastructure to use Swift Testing
at your own pace.

```swift
class UniqueElementsTests: XCTestCase {
  func testDups() {

>     // Fails as expected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // This test is expected to fail.
```

    assertUnique([1, 2, 1])
  }
}

@Test func `Duplicate elements`() {
  // Cross-library issue from XCTest
  // Without interop: passes despite XCTAssertEqual failure in the helper

>   // With interop: fails as expected

Reviewer: Let's make these code comments complete sentences for clarity:
```suggestion
  // This is a cross-library issue from XCTest.
  // Without interoperability the test passes despite the `XCTAssertEqual` failure in the helper.
  // With interoperability, the test fails.
```

  assertUnique([1, 2, 1])
}

func assertUnique(_ elements: [Int]) {
  XCTAssertEqual(Set(elements).count, elements.count)

  // With interop: safely replace XCTAssertEqual with #expect

>   // #expect(Set(elements).count == elements.count)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // With interoperability you can safely replace `XCTAssertEqual` with `#expect`.
  // The replacement is: `#expect(Set(elements).count == elements.count)`.
```

Author: I like this a lot better, thanks!

}
```

> #### Modes

Reviewer: Let's match the styling of the other headings and us an imperative verb phrase: 

```suggestion
### Change interoperability modes
```

You can change how cross-library issues are reported by adjusting the

> interoperability mode.

Reviewer: Can we make this a bit more descriptive? So what is reporting the cross-library issues?

```suggestion
You can change how Swift reports cross-library issues by adjusting the
interoperability mode.
```

Author: Good call on the active voice. One small revision is I think we'd want to say "You can change how Swift Testing reports...".

> Note: Default mode:
> - `limited` when using the Swift 6.4 toolchain or newer.

> > - `complete` if the package also declares `swift-tools-version: 6.4` or newer.

Reviewer: I don't think that we need to put this in a note aside, let's write it out in complete sentences too:
```suggestion
The default interoperability mode depends your toolchain. When you're using the Swift 6.4 toolchain or newer, the default mode is limited. If you're using the Swift 6.4 toolchain or newer and your package also declares `swift-tools-version: 6.4` or newer, the default mode is complete.
```

Author: I originally had it closer to this, but I found it too wordy. Do you think it would be beneficial to break this up into bullets, or does that go against the style guidelines?

Author: Also, should `limited` and `complete` be in monospaced font?

Author: Another option could be a table to describe default mode:

| Toolchain  | Tools Version | Default Mode |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| <6.4  | any | none |
| >=6.4 | <6.4  | limited |
| >=6.4 | >=6.4  | complete |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the interoperability mode, set the `SWIFT_TESTING_XCTEST_INTEROP_MODE` environment variable to one of the following modes:
```

- term None: The feature is disabled. All cross-library issues are ignored.

- term Limited: Cross-library issues from Swift Testing maintain their original
  severity. Cross-library issues from XCTest are warnings and are accompanied by
  modernization hints.

- term Complete: All cross-library issues maintain their original severity.
  Cross-library issues from XCTest are accompanied by modernization hints.

- term Strict: Cross-library issues from Swift Testing maintain their original
  severity. Cross-library issues from XCTest are reported with

>   [`fatalError()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/fatalerror(_:file:line:)).

Reviewer: Let's put the modes in code font:
```suggestion
- term `none`: Interoperability is off. Swift Testing and XCTest ignore cross-library issues.
- term `limited`: Cross-library issues from Swift Testing maintain their original
  severity. Cross-library issues from XCTest are warnings and are accompanied by
  modernization hints.
- term `complete`: All cross-library issues maintain their original severity.
  Cross-library issues from XCTest are accompanied by modernization hints.
- term `strict`: Cross-library issues from Swift Testing maintain their original
  severity. Cross-library issues from XCTest are reported with
  [`fatalError()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/fatalerror(_:file:line:)).
```

```swift
// Cross-library issues from XCTest
@Test func `Test Interop`() {
  // <Mode>:   <failure message>
  // None:     No message
  // Limited:  ⚠️ "Interop failure",
  //           ⚠️ Replace XCTest API such as 'XCTAssert' with a Swift
  //              Testing equivalent such as '#expect'.
  // Complete: ❌ "Interop failure", ⚠️ Replace XCTest API...
  // Strict:   💥 fatalError: Replace XCTest API...
  XCTFail("Interop failure")
}

> ```

Reviewer: I think it would be easier to move these comments out into a table or term definition list and include it after the code snippet, so:

Code snippet:
````
When you have a cross-library issue from XCTest, you receive different messages depending on the interoperability mode. So, for:  
  ```swift
  @Test func `Test Interop`() {
  XCTFail("Interop failure")
  }
  ```
````

Term-definition list:
```
The messages for the cross-library issue are:
- term `none`: No message
- term `limited`: ⚠️ "Interop failure", ⚠️ Replace XCTest API such as 'XCTAssert' with a Swift Testing equivalent such as '#expect'.
- term `complete`: ❌ "Interop failure", ⚠️ Replace XCTest API... 
- term `strict`: 💥 fatalError: Replace XCTest API...
```
Table:
```
| Mode | Failure message |
| None | No message |
| Limited | ⚠️ "Interop failure", ⚠️ Replace XCTest API such as 'XCTAssert' with a Swift Testing equivalent such as '#expect'. |
| Complete | ❌ "Interop failure", ⚠️ Replace XCTest API... |
| Strict | 💥 fatalError: Replace XCTest API... |  
```

```swift
// Cross-library issues from Swift Testing
class InteropTests: XCTestCase {
  func testInterop() {
    // <Mode>:   <failure message>
    // None:     No message
    // Limited:  ❌ "Interop failure"
    // Complete: ❌ "Interop failure"
    // Strict:   ❌ "Interop failure"
    Issue.record("Interop failure")
  }
}
```

To use strict mode or opt out of interop entirely, override the default mode
with the `SWIFT_TESTING_XCTEST_INTEROP_MODE` environment variable:

| Interop Mode | `SWIFT_TESTING_XCTEST_INTEROP_MODE` |
| ------------ | ----------------------------------- |
| None         | `none`                              |
| Limited      | `limited`                           |
| Complete     | `complete`                          |

> | Strict       | `strict`                            |

Reviewer: I think that we can combine this with term definition list at the beginning of the section, so let's remove it from here: 

```suggestion
```

  }
}

A single source file can contain tests written with XCTest as well as other
tests written with the testing library. Import both XCTest and Testing if a
source file contains mixed test content.

> ### Interoperability between Swift Testing and XCTest

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Use interoperability between Swift Testing and XCTest
```

Converting the heading to a verb phrase, like the others. (This is a stylistic thing we do in all of our docs)

<!-- TODO: withKnownIssue and Test.cancel interop -->

Interoperability is a feature that enables XCTest's assertions to work with
Swift Testing, and Swift Testing's expectations to work with XCTest. You can use

> this to share common test helpers between XCTest and Swift Testing test cases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
interoperability to share common test helpers between XCTest and Swift Testing test cases.
```
'this' was a bit ambiguous to me.

For example, you can replace
[`XCTAssert()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/1500669-xctassert)
with ``expect(_:_:sourceLocation:)`` in your XCTests and immediately get the
benefits of the newer, more ergonomic API. In the meantime, you can
incrementally migrate the rest of your test infrastructure to use Swift Testing
at your own pace.

```swift
// XCTest

class UniqueElementsTests: XCTestCase {
  func testDups() {
    // Fails as expected
    assertUnique([1, 2, 1])
  }
}

// Swift Testing

@Test func `Duplicate elements`() {
  // *Without* interop: passes despite XCTAssertEqual failure in the helper
  // With interop: fails as expected
  assertUnique([1, 2, 1])
}

func assertUnique(_ elements: [Int]) {
  XCTAssertEqual(Set(elements).count, elements.count)
  // With interop: safely replace XCTAssertEqual with #expect
  // #expect(Set(elements).count == elements.count)
}
```

> Interoperability has a configurable mode which controls how it reports issues

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Interoperability has a configurable mode that controls how it reports issues
```

across test library boundaries.

> - **None**: the feature is disabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **None**: The feature is disabled.
```
If the bit after the colon is a complete sentence on its own, then we capitalize it.

> For the remaining modes, **Swift Testing API will behave as expected when used

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For the remaining modes, **Swift Testing API behaves as expected when used
```
Opting for present tense over future tense.

in XCTest**. This includes reporting any assertion failures as errors within an

> XCTest test case. As a result, any interop mode will enable you to incrementally

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
XCTest test case. As a result, any interop mode lets you incrementally
```
Opting for present tense over future tense.

Author: Ah good catch! Lots of this future tense language is because I copied it from my proposal, but now that it's "reality", present tense makes sense to me.

migrate your assertions to Swift Testing.

**XCTest API used in Swift Testing tests** behaves differently based on mode:

> - **Limited**: Surfaces all test failures that were previously ignored as

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Limited**: Surfaces all test failures the library previously ignored as
```
Removing passive voice

>   warnings. Also include warnings for XCTest API usage in a Swift Testing test.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  warnings. Also includes warnings for XCTest API usage in a Swift Testing test.
```
Since the subject is implied in this sentence, the verb needs to agree with that third-person singular subject.

> - **Complete**: Surfaces all test failures that were previously ignored with

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Complete**: Surfaces all test failures the library previously ignored with
```
Removing passive voice

>   their original severity. Also include warnings for XCTest API usage in a Swift

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  their original severity. Also includes warnings for XCTest API usage in a Swift
```
Since the subject is implied in this sentence, the verb needs to agree with that third-person singular subject.

  Testing test.

- **Strict**:
  [`fatalError()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/fatalerror(_:file:line:))

>   when XCTest API is used in a Swift Testing test.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  when a Swift Testing test uses XCTest API.
```
Removing passive voice.

```swift
// Calling XCTest API from Swift Testing
@Test func `Test Interop`() {
  // <Mode>:   <failure message>
  // None:     No message
  // Limited:  ⚠️ "Interop failure",
  //           ⚠️ Replace XCTest API such as 'XCTAssert' with a Swift
  //              Testing equivalent such as '#expect'.
  // Complete: ❌ "Interop failure", ⚠️ Replace XCTest API...
  // Strict:   💥 fatalError: Replace XCTest API...
  XCTFail("Interop failure")
}
```

```swift
// Calling Swift Testing API from XCTest
class InteropTests: XCTestCase {
  func testInterop() {
    // <Mode>:   <failure message>
    // None:     No message
    // Limited:  ❌ "Interop failure"
    // Complete: ❌ "Interop failure"
    // Strict:   ❌ "Interop failure"
    Issue.record("Interop failure")
  }
}
```

When using the Swift 6.4 toolchain or newer, the default mode is `limited`. If
the package also declares `swift-tools-version: 6.4` or newer, the default mode
is `complete`.

If you want to use the strict mode or opt-out of interop entirely, you'll need
to override the default mode with the `SWIFT_TESTING_XCTEST_INTEROP_MODE`

> environment variable:

Reviewer 3: "To use strict mode or opt out of interop entirely, override the default mode with the `SWIFT_TESTING_XCTEST_INTEROP_MODE` environment variable:"

Removing passive voice, and 'opt out' (no hyphen) is the correct usage when it's a verb.

tests written with the testing library. Import both XCTest and Testing if a 
source file contains mixed test content.

### Interoperability between Swift Testing and XCTest

<!-- TODO: withKnownIssue and Test.cancel interop -->

> Interoperability is a feature that enables assertions from one test library to

Reviewer 4: "testing library"

But maybe phrase it more like "enables XCTest's assertions to work with Swift Testing and Swift Testing's expectations to work with XCTest". Since Swift Testing doesn't use the term "assertions", it's maybe confusing as phrased.

Author: I like your proposed wording since it's more precise than what I have now

report issues, even when called in tests from the other library. You can use
this to share common test helpers between XCTest and Swift Testing test cases.

> For example, you can replace `XCTAssert` with `#expect` in your XCTests and

Reviewer 4: Add links to symbols if you can please! And note that in this document we _generally_ include trailing parentheses (I think).

immediately get the benefits of the newer, more ergonomic API. In the meantime,
you can incrementally migrate the rest of your test infrastructure to use Swift
Testing at your own pace.

```swift
// XCTest

class UniqueElementsTests: XCTestCase {
  func testDups() {
    // Fails as expected
    assertUnique([1, 2, 1])
  }
}

// Swift Testing

@Test func `Duplicate elements`() {

>   // *Without* interoperability: passes, despite XCTAssertEqual failure in the helper

Reviewer 4: Please make sure comments are wrapped at 80 columns to avoid horizontal scrolling when rendered.

  // #expect(Set(elements).count == elements.count, "\(elements) has non unique elements")
}
```

Interoperability has a configurable mode which controls how it reports issues
across test library boundaries.

- **None**: the feature is disabled.

For the remaining modes, **Swift Testing API will behave as expected when used
in XCTest**. This includes reporting any assertion failures as errors within an
XCTest test case. As a result, any interop mode will enable you to incrementally
migrate your assertions to Swift Testing.

**XCTest API used in Swift Testing tests** behaves differently based on mode:

- **Limited**: Surfaces all test failures that were previously ignored as
  warnings. Also include warnings for XCTest API usage in a Swift Testing test.

- **Complete**: Surfaces all test failures that were previously ignored with
  their original severity. Also include warnings for XCTest API usage in a Swift
  Testing test.

- **Strict**: `fatalError` when XCTest API is used in a Swift Testing test.

@Row {
  @Column {
    ```swift
    // Calling XCTest API from Swift Testing
    @Test func `Test Interop`() {
      // <Mode>:   <failure message>
      // None:     No message

>       // Limited:  ⚠️ "Interop failure", ⚠️ Replace XCTest API such as 'XCTAssert' with a Swift Testing equivalent such as '#expect'.

Reviewer 4: This generally needs to be wrapped at 80 columns or it won't present correctly when rendered with full CSS on e.g. apple.com.

      // Complete: ❌ "Interop failure", ⚠️ Replace XCTest API...
      // Strict:   💥 fatalError: Replace XCTest API...
      XCTFail("Interop failure")
    }
    ```
  }
  @Column {
    ```swift
    // Calling Swift Testing API from XCTest
    class InteropTests: XCTestCase {
      func testInterop() {
        // <Mode>:   <failure message>
        // None:     No message
        // Limited:  ❌ "Interop failure"
        // Complete: ❌ "Interop failure"
        // Strict:   ❌ "Interop failure"
        Issue.record("Interop failure")
      }
    }
    ```
  }
}

When using the Swift 6.4 toolchain or newer, the default mode is `limited`. If
the package also declares `swift-tools-version: 6.4` or newer, the default mode
is `complete`.

> Override the interoperability mode when running tests using the

Reviewer 4: Why would I want to do this? Probably need to lead with something like "If you need to X, do Y".
